# Error-Location-in-Knowledge-Graphs-with-Conflict-Subgraphs

This is the source code for the paper "Error-Location-in-Knowledge-Graphs-with-Conflict-Subgraphs" submitted to ICDE 2026-first round.

## Requirment

python 3.x
networkx >= 2.6
numpy >= 1.21

## Datasets

This project supports any knowledge graph dataset that follows the triple format described below.



Each triple must be in a tab-separated text file:



```
head<TAB>tail<TAB>relation<TAB>label
```



`head`, `tail`: entity IDs



`relation`: relation ID



`label`: optional (`1` for correct, `0` for error)



If no noisy triplets are present, you can use `data_prepare.py` to inject synthetic noise.



## Data Prepare.py

It supports synthetic error injection, conflict subgraph extraction, and derived graph construction. The generated data is used as the input to our error location algorithms.



The derived graph is generated by this file.

## findCover.py

This script implements the **exact solution** for locating error triples responsible for pattern-induced conflicts in knowledge graphs. 



```
python findCover.py
```



##  selector.py & filter.py

This script implements our proposed approximation-based method for error triple location in pattern-induced conflict subgraphs.



## Run

Prepare a KG dataset with the format.

Run the following files in turn to get optimal result:

```python
python data_prepare.py
python findCover.py
```

Run the following files in trun to get approximate result:

```
python data_prepare.py
python selector.py
python filter.py
```

